A good programmer looks both ways before crossing a one-way street
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.
All computers wait at the same speed.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage.
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.
"Intel Inside" is a Government Warning required by Law.
Common sense gets a lot of credit that belongs to cold feet.
Chuck Norris doesn’t go hunting. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success.
Beta is Latin for still doesn’t work.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
Artificial Intelligence usually beats natural stupidity.
Any fool can use a computer. Many do.
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Guns don’t kill people. Chuck Norris kills people.
God is real, unless declared integer.
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Every piece of software written today is likely going to infringe on someone else’s patent.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Computers do not solve problems, they execute solutions.
I have NOT lost my mind—I have it backed up on tape somewhere.
If brute force doesn’t solve your problems, then you aren’t using enough.
Keyboard not found...Press any key to continue.
Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code.
Mac users swear by their Mac, PC users swear at their PC.
Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. "No" is the answer.
MS-DOS isn’t dead, it just smells that way.
Only half of programming is coding. The other 90% is debugging.
Pasting code from the Internet into production code is like chewing gum found in the street.
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
There is no place like 127.0.0.1
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can’t.
To err is human, but for a real disaster you need a computer.
Ubuntu is an ancient African word, meaning "can’t configure Debian"
UNIX is the answer, but only if you phrase the question very carefully.
Weeks of coding can save you hours of planning.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
I think we agree, the past is over.
In the future everyone will be famous for fifteen minutes.
Java is to JavaScript what Car is to Carpet.
Just don’t create a file called -rf.
Linux is only free if your time has no value.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
One man’s constant is another man’s variable.
Perl - The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.
Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code.
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.
We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas.
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty "text" file.
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code.
Ideas want to be ugly.
Developer: an organism that turns coffee into code
Programming languages, like pizzas, come in only two sizes: too big and too small.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
Inside every large program, there is a program trying to get out.
A good way to stay flexible is to write less code.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
If you can't write it down in English, you can't code it.
Talk is cheap, show me the code!
The journey is the destination.
If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter.
Focus on WHY instead of WHAT in your code will make you a better developer
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad.
Fix the cause, not the symptom.
Code never lies, comments sometimes do.
